Clarify purpose field and privacy (#325)
decentralized-identity/presentation-exchange: spec/spec.md

- `purpose` - The [[ref:Presentation Definition]] ****MAY**** contain a
  `purpose` property. If present, its value ****MUST**** be a string that
  describes the purpose for which the [[ref:Presentation Definition]]'s inputs
  are being used for.

>   By including purpose it is not consent to process personal data but is only 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that including this purpose description is not intended as an interactive consent flow or warning/implicit consent to process personal data; rather, it is only 
```

  informative to the user. In certain jurisdictions the usage of the purpose 
  field may be in conflict with the privacy regulatory requirements. The field
  should not be included if prior data sharing agreements are not in place for
  transferring personal data using presentation exchange.

>   Roadmap: DIF Claims & Credentials data agreement work group is developing an 
>   addition for privacy regulator compliance (GDPR, CCPA, other) and method for 
>   creating immutable records of consent records (data agreements) for using 
>   personal data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Data Agreements are out of scope for this specification but may be layered on with other specifications or profiles. One such specification, the Data Agreement specification, is currently being worked on in the DIF Claims & Credentials Working Group. This project focuses on privacy compliance for contexts where data agreements need to be established before credential exchange can occur (i.e., GDPR, CCPA, etc); the specification also covers immutable records of consent records (data agreements) for personal data exchange.
```
